he has what's up I just didn't whole
entire recording of this without even
actually requiring so I'm pretty mad
right now but anyways this is closed a
operation get two hundred kills the
kimbo ACOG by 44 magnum time I was there
I actually just finished the while ago
you get the dogpatch to the next p and
your scrap point shouldn't forget that
out there really fast anyways this is a
cool operation I'm going to give you
some tips and tell you a little bit more
in depth to this operation here's my
class right here obviously the point 44
Magnum Tsar up there Kimbo a cock site
my three main perks that I think
everyone should use steady aim ready up
sleight of hand I think they kind of
explain themselves then you're obviously
going to need the extra attachment perk
and I go with dead silence and on the go
you're going to want to use your
specialist strike package just because
you want to get better have a more
advantage as you go because as it is you
always are going to be having a
disadvantage in like every single gun
fight you play so here's some gameplay
and I'm gonna go more into depth okay so
i've been talking very fast but now i'm
going to slow it down okay so this is a
hard operation here's me playing on
prison break but it actually has some
mental illness just kidding mental um I
want a mental not that I it has some
mental thing is to go with it that'll
make you a better card player so if you
want to be better at call of duty ghosts
in particular you should probably do
this operation because of having to use
dual akimbo whatever you want to call it
Matt magnums for two hundred kills like
it took me two days I just only use days
you're gonna have your mind is gonna
make you learn the spawned you're gonna
have to your mind is going to make you
learn the close quarters your mind is
gonna make you do so much okay for this
your mind it's gonna you're gonna be
like taken away I want you to be
thinking about this when you do this
operation in your head think all right I
need to know the spawns and stuff
because that's what's going to make you
actually
succeed during this operation pikas want
you finally finished the operation if
you have been doing good if you have
been learning the spawns if you have
been using your mind power to figure out
everything you need to know once you get
back into there and you start using
awesome guns and awesome setups you are
going to succeed in getting good kill
streaks where everyone km's you're
having trouble like I have been having
trouble because the cod ghosts spawns
are totally whacked up and I've heard
their beef they are fixing them so that
is a thumbs up because I am so happy
they have to fix these a little bit that
you've been trying to learn them but
they are just so so bad so I'm gonna
break this down into little baby steps
here because I know I've been like loud
and crazy fast talking here because
you're using such terrible things your
mind is going to make you learn the maps
and really find those good places and
once you find those good places then
when you switch back it's going to be
like you're Opie and you're going to
think it's easy and you are going to fly
so that's about it for the clueless a
the operation I us say objective up amna
Galatian challenge I don't know
operation for today I know I haven't
been uploading lately because i've been
lazy which is not that great to admit
I'm trying to get some more stuff out
there I actually have a glitching dog
thing that happened to me I don't know
weird yeah so I'll see you soon and
peace out wait leave a like and
subscribe if you're new to the channel
please it helps me out a lot anyways
besides that peace out